docs: Refactor `Contributing` and add `Developing` (#2169)
apache/incubator-opendal: DEVELOPING.md

# Developing

- [Setup](#setup)
  - [Using a devcontainer environment](#using-a-devcontainer-environment)
  - [Bring your own toolbox](#bring-your-own-toolbox)

## Setup

We're super excited to have you interested in working on OpenDAL! Before you start you should pick how you want to develop.

> For small or first-time contributions, we recommend the devcontainer method. Prefer to do it yourself? That's fine too!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For small or first-time contributions, we recommend the dev container method. Prefer to do it yourself? That's fine too!
```

### Using a devcontainer environment

> OpenDAL provides a pre-configured [devcontainer](https://containers.dev/) that could be used in [Github Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces), [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/), [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/remote-development/gateway/), [JuptyerLab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). Please pick up your favourite runtime environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenDAL provides a pre-configured [dev container](https://containers.dev/) that could be used in [Github Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces), [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/), [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/remote-development/gateway/), [JuptyerLab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). Please pick up your favourite runtime environment.
```

# Developing

- [Setup](#setup)
  - [Using a devcontainer environment](#using-a-devcontainer-environment)
  - [Bring your own toolbox](#bring-your-own-toolbox)

## Setup

We're super excited to have you interested in working on OpenDAL! Before you start you should pick how you want to develop.

For small or first-time contributions, we recommend the devcontainer method. Prefer to do it yourself? That's fine too!

### Using a devcontainer environment

OpenDAL provides a pre-configured [devcontainer](https://containers.dev/) that could be used in [Github Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces), [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/), [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/remote-development/gateway/), [JuptyerLab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). Please pick up your favourite runtime environment.

The fastest way is [click here to create a new codespace for OpenDAL](https://github.com/codespaces/new?skip_quickstart=true&machine=standardLinux32gb&repo=459025965&ref=main).

---

> *This document is highly inspired by [Vector](https://github.com/vectordotdev/vector/)*

Reviewer: ditto.
